RHIDP-2510: Relocate existing content to new Installing and Upgrading RHDH titles (#257)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: modules/installation/proc-rhdh-deploy-eks-using-helm.adoc

[id='proc-rhdh-deploy-eks-using-helm_{context}']

= Installing {product} in {eks-name} ({eks-short}) using Helm Chart

> When you deploy {product-short} in {eks-name} ({eks-short}) using Helm Chart, it orchestrates a robust development environment within the AWS ecosystem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you install the {product-short} Helm Chart in {eks-name} ({eks-short}), it orchestrates the deployment of an {product-short} instance, which provides a robust developer platform within the AWS ecosystem.
```
